All right.
Were you able to get that.
If not don't worry.
Let's go over what we need to do to get everything on our profile working so we obviously have an about
80 mile page so that can just stay the same as it is now.
We can call it about and if we copy and paste here do a another one let's say.
What else do we have.
We have work done.
She must allow us to work dot HMO which will be work dot HMO.
And let's just check that this works.
I'm going to remove the old rope just so we have the home about and work HMO if I go back and let's
go to home.
Well it looks like we have a bit of an air and I did not change the function over here you see that
I have both about so let's just call this work.
If I go back and refresh.
All right let's go to works.
Well it's a work start HMO wise than that working.
That is because it should be works.
Dot HMO.
Silly me.
Let's go back.
Let's refresh works.
All right.
Is working but once again the CSX is not being applied.
If I go back and let's go to about me about me is working as well.
But the CSX isn't being applied.
And we know why that is.
Once again if we go to works we have to update this to include the static folder
awesome.
And then we update the CSX page as well as well as the javascript page.
So this is a lot of repetition but I'm just showing you so you understand what the thought process is
and why we need to do this again.
We'll just fix this as well
and this one feel like I should have a song in the background as I do this so you don't get bored of
me just doing this over and over but repetition is good.
Right.
All right.
Last one the javascript file let's save go back to our server let's refresh.
Let's go to home oh looks like index that HMO is not working.
So we've got a fix that as well.
We have the root directory that's working that click on works.
Mm hmm.
Looks like the CSF didn't work less about the C above me about me is working so we missed something
and works.
If we go back to
0 and that's because we have a work and works a shitty amount.
So we have to make sure that we incorporate the works a small set of the work one.
Not sure what this page does but I'm sure it's part of part of this.
So again going into our works HMO doing the same thing we've been doing adding the static
like so
and all the way at the bottom for the javascript file as well let's go back.
Go to works and hooray.
Look at that all our works are being displayed but it looks like some of the images are not displaying
now.
Can you guess why that is well.
If we go back to our works HMO and we look for images
we see that here we have to add the static as well so again I'll add those to the images and just to
make this faster I'll just copy this and do command f or control F to search for all instances of images
and make sure that we add the assets in here an easy way of doing this.
And this is what an I.D. can help you with or a text editor like Sublime Text is I can select the entire
thing like this and do command control G and this actually selects all the instances and I have now
multiple cursors.
Now what I can do now is just add the static on all the instances as you can see at the bottom and the
top here as well so that I don't have to repeat myself.
Now let's go back refresh hand look at that.
We have our projects displaying that's really really cool and just like that we have our templates now.
We still have the components that we need to fix and the contact.
Now the components we actually don't need because if you go to the preview here the components is just
in a Schimmel template that you can just copy and paste based on what components you need.
But we don't actually need that on our real portfolio.
The only other one that we need is the contact page which is really really important because we're going
to use that for our Python server so let's go back here let's remove the components dot ECMO or for
now we can just keep it there.
But in the index that 80 mile file we can go all the way down and in the navigation bar section you
see over here how we have the components dot HMO we can just remove that just like that so we're not
using it.
Now one thing you may have seen me do is copy and paste code so that now we would have to do a another
route that says contact and then once again do contact.
But this is us repeating code based on what we've learned can we improve this.
So this becomes more dynamic so that maybe when we add a new HDMI file to this profile we don't have
to constantly just copy and paste the same code over and over try that and in the next video I'll show
you how we can do that.